make a path presents let's talk Walking
Dead comic covers and predictions the
cover of issue 140 was actually just
previewed today and that has Maggie and
Sophia on the cover
Maggie looks shocked she looks like she
could have blood on her hands but she
doesn't in the image and the subtitle is
called life and death now it makes me
wonder in that doorway we've only ever
seen that doorway when they were talking
to Carl when he was in prison or talking
to Lydia when she was in prison that
doorway has been on the cover before in
issue 135 so we've seen that doorway
previously and that's the doorway I'm
talking about right here by now has Carl
helped Lydia escape or did the whispers
help Lydia escape or is she still locked
up how messed up would it be if the
whispers did break in and we have all
this crap going on with the the
white-trash ours and the boys are still
like in their little mini comas how
awesome are crazy maybe messed up or
sick whatever you call it how crazy
would it be if the whispers snuck in to
break Lily out and just for shit's cuz
they're fucked in the head they decided
to stab the comatose boys to death that
would be nuts
then when Maggie walks in maybe the
doctor yells for her she walks in Sofia
behind her and she is like holy fuck
you know however the other issue is
called confrontation so we're expecting
a confrontation we most likely should
but like I said if it's not a whisper
confrontation they could actually sneak
in and get Lydia and escape but what
good does that do where does the story
go from there do they run away I mean
they could leave Dante Dante could tell
what happens and then they could go
after him I mean they could extend this
storyline further and further I think a
small little skirmish could work and
then they flee and they gotta go looking
for him I mean that's got to be a scary
thing for one of the soldiers where do
you go looking you know the soldiers
where do you you got to go to a herd
because that's how they move around how
do you fight an enemy that moves around
what a zombie heard when the zombie
heard are the things that you're trying
to stay away from you know what I mean
like how do you do that now seeing as
issue 140 is called life and death there
is a lot of things we could get from
this it could be just
another tease and the boys could
actually die they could be laying there
in their coma and they could just slip
away and die that could be the life and
death because now we have to find
something to do with Carl I mean even
though Maggie is like you fucking
monsters I mean they still have to do
something with Carl unless they go on
trial and have a little mini trial and
say listen Carl was justified he was
trying to help his friend and the statin
a third but I am betting that 140 might
just be a huge issue
it's hinting to a death so we might just
get a death there and like I said I
truly believe that we'll get a big
cliffhanger in issue 138 that we won't
even get resolved until issue 140 you
know which that's another thing maybe I
shouldn't think that because we're
getting issue 138 an issue 139 back to
back maybe they do resolve that
cliffhanger quickly and that's why we
have this two issues in one month
all right dead heads if you have any
opinions or thoughts or ideas about
issue 140 leaves those opinions down
below I'm done talking it's your turn
subscribe